<!doctype html><html lang=en-us><head><meta name=theme content="Syna"><meta name=theme-version content="v0.17.4"><meta name=theme-url content="https://syna.okkur.org"><meta name=theme-description content="Highly customizable open source theme for Hugo based static websites"><meta name=theme-author content="Okkur Labs"><meta name=theme-author-url content="https://about.okkur.org"><meta charset=utf-8><meta name=viewport content="width=device-width,initial-scale=1,shrink-to-fit=no"><meta name=google content="notranslate"><meta name=apple-mobile-web-app-capable content="yes"><meta name=apple-mobile-web-app-status-bar-style content="black"><meta name=description content="BGIN online meeting will be held on 13:00-15:00 UTC, June 18, 2020.
This is BGIN’s first public meeting where we will discuss key issues including the draft ToR of Governance Working Group and Identity & Privacy Enhancement Study Group, and strategies to develop the community base of BGIN. If you want to join the discussion, please fill in the registration form and submit by June 15. Discussion materials and Zoom link will be sent to the registered address."><meta property="og:title" content="BGIN online meeting [13:00-15:00 UTC, June 18, 2020]"><meta property="og:description" content><meta property="og:type" content="article"><meta property="og:url" content="/meeting_june2020/"><meta property="og:image" content="/images/dc-mini.png"><meta property="article:published_time" content="2020-06-18T00:00:00+00:00"><meta property="article:modified_time" content="2021-02-08T00:49:37-05:00"><meta property="og:site_name" content="BGIN"><meta name=twitter:card content="summary_large_image"><meta name=twitter:title content="BGIN online meeting [13:00-15:00 UTC, June 18, 2020] &amp;middot; Blockchain Governance Initiative Network (BGIN)"><meta name=twitter:description content="BGIN online meeting will be held on 13:00-15:00 UTC, June 18, 2020.
This is BGIN’s first public meeting where we will discuss key issues including the draft ToR of Governance Working Group and Identity & Privacy Enhancement Study Group, and strategies to develop the community base of BGIN. If you want to join the discussion, please fill in the registration form and submit by June 15. Discussion materials and Zoom link will be sent to the registered address."><meta name=twitter:url content="/meeting_june2020/"><meta property="og:image" content><meta name=twitter:image content><meta name=author content="BGIN"><meta name=generator content="Hugo 0.69.0"><title>BGIN online meeting [13:00-15:00 UTC, June 18, 2020] &#183; Blockchain Governance Initiative Network (BGIN)</title><style>.mx-0{margin-left:0!important;margin-right:0!important}@-ms-viewport{width: device-width; }html{box-sizing:border-box;-ms-overflow-style:scrollbar}*,*::before,*::after{box-sizing:inherit}.container{width:100%;padding-right:15px;padding-left:15px;margin-right:auto;margin-left:auto;max-width:540px;max-width:720px;max-width:960px;max-width:1140px}.container-fluid{width:100%;padding-right:15px;padding-left:15px;margin-right:auto;margin-left:auto}.row{display:flex;flex-wrap:wrap;margin-right:-15px;margin-left:-15px}.no-gutters{margin-right:0;margin-left:0}.no-gutters>.col,.no-gutters>[class*=col-]{padding-right:0;padding-left:0}.col-1,.col-2,.col-3,.col-4,.col-5,.col-6,.col-7,.col-8,.col-9,.col-10,.col-11,.col-12,.col,.col-auto{position:relative;width:100%;min-height:1px;padding-right:15px;padding-left:15px}.col{flex-basis:0;flex-grow:1;max-width:100%}.col-auto{flex:0 0 auto;width:auto;max-width:none}.col-1{flex:0 0 8.33333%;max-width:8.33333%}.col-2{flex:0 0 16.66667%;max-width:16.66667%}.col-3{flex:0 0 25%;max-width:25%}.col-4{flex:0 0 33.33333%;max-width:33.33333%}.col-5{flex:0 0 41.66667%;max-width:41.66667%}.col-6{flex:0 0 50%;max-width:50%}.col-7{flex:0 0 58.33333%;max-width:58.33333%}.col-8{flex:0 0 66.66667%;max-width:66.66667%}.col-9{flex:0 0 75%;max-width:75%}.col-10{flex:0 0 83.33333%;max-width:83.33333%}.col-11{flex:0 0 91.66667%;max-width:91.66667%}.col-12{flex:0 0 100%;max-width:100%}.order-first{order:-1}.order-last{order:13}.order-0{order:0}.order-1{order:1}.order-2{order:2}.order-3{order:3}.order-4{order:4}.order-5{order:5}.order-6{order:6}.order-7{order:7}.order-8{order:8}.order-9{order:9}.order-10{order:10}.order-11{order:11}.order-12{order:12}.offset-1{margin-left:8.33333%}.offset-2{margin-left:16.66667%}.offset-3{margin-left:25%}.offset-4{margin-left:33.33333%}.offset-5{margin-left:41.66667%}.offset-6{margin-left:50%}.offset-7{margin-left:58.33333%}.offset-8{margin-left:66.66667%}.offset-9{margin-left:75%}.offset-10{margin-left:83.33333%}.offset-11{margin-left:91.66667%}.d-none{display:none!important}.d-inline{display:inline!important}.d-inline-block{display:inline-block!important}.d-block{display:block!important}.d-table{display:table!important}.d-table-row{display:table-row!important}.d-table-cell{display:table-cell!important}.d-flex{display:flex!important}.d-inline-flex{display:inline-flex!important}@media print{.d-print-none{display:none!important}.d-print-inline{display:inline!important}.d-print-inline-block{display:inline-block!important}.d-print-block{display:block!important}.d-print-table{display:table!important}.d-print-table-row{display:table-row!important}.d-print-table-cell{display:table-cell!important}.d-print-flex{display:flex!important}.d-print-inline-flex{display:inline-flex!important}}.flex-row{flex-direction:row!important}.flex-column{flex-direction:column!important}.flex-row-reverse{flex-direction:row-reverse!important}.flex-column-reverse{flex-direction:column-reverse!important}.flex-wrap{flex-wrap:wrap!important}.flex-nowrap{flex-wrap:nowrap!important}.flex-wrap-reverse{flex-wrap:wrap-reverse!important}.flex-fill{flex:1 1 auto!important}.flex-grow-0{flex-grow:0!important}.flex-grow-1{flex-grow:1!important}.flex-shrink-0{flex-shrink:0!important}.flex-shrink-1{flex-shrink:1!important}.justify-content-start{justify-content:flex-start!important}.justify-content-end{justify-content:flex-end!important}.justify-content-center{justify-content:center!important}.justify-content-between{justify-content:space-between!important}.justify-content-around{justify-content:space-around!important}.align-items-start{align-items:flex-start!important}.align-items-end{align-items:flex-end!important}.align-items-center{align-items:center!important}.align-items-baseline{align-items:baseline!important}.align-items-stretch{align-items:stretch!important}.align-content-start{align-content:flex-start!important}.align-content-end{align-content:flex-end!important}.align-content-center{align-content:center!important}.align-content-between{align-content:space-between!important}.align-content-around{align-content:space-around!important}.align-content-stretch{align-content:stretch!important}.align-self-auto{align-self:auto!important}.align-self-start{align-self:flex-start!important}.align-self-end{align-self:flex-end!important}.align-self-center{align-self:center!important}.align-self-baseline{align-self:baseline!important}.align-self-stretch{align-self:stretch!important}</style><link href=/style.min.f8cdeda1038ca40319355fba51c51a94c24cdca01b45ad145d4603f8103dd776.css rel=stylesheet><script>window.syna={};</script><script src=/scripts/syna-head.min.39bf5c0a13b9259b89a61f939da69c098cd8bf74be53a960cb951c39ad08db54.js></script></head><body class=bg-secondary><nav class="overlay fragment navbar navbar-expand-lg py-2 scroll-spy bg-light navbar-light" id=nav role=navigation><div class=container><a class="navbar-brand py-0" href=/#></a><button class=navbar-toggler type=button data-toggle=collapse data-target=#navbarCollapse aria-controls=navbarCollapse aria-expanded=false aria-label="Toggle navigation">
<span class=navbar-toggler-icon></span></button><div class="navbar-collapse justify-content-end collapse show" id=navbarCollapse><ul class=navbar-nav><li class=nav-item><a class=nav-link href=/>Home</a></li><li class=nav-item><a class=nav-link href=/news>News</a></li><li class=nav-item><a class=nav-link href=/event>Meetings/Events</a></li><li class=nav-item><a class=nav-link href=/wgsg>Working Group/Study Group</a></li><li class=nav-item><a class=nav-link href=/join>How to join</a></li><li class=nav-item><a class=nav-link href=/cfc>Call for Contribution</a></li><li class=nav-item><a class=nav-link href=/docs>Documents</a></li><li class=nav-item><a class=nav-link href=/about>About BGIN</a></li></ul></div></div></nav><div class="scroll-to-top bg-primary has-font-icon" title="Back to top"><i class="fas fa-angle-up"></i><span class=sr-only>Back to top</span></div><section id=content class="fragment content-fragment"><div class="container-fluid bg-light overlay"><div class="container py-5 overlay"><div class=row><article class=col-md-12><div class="title-container row mx-0"><div class="title col px-0 text-center text-body"><h2>BGIN online meeting [13:00-15:00 UTC, June 18, 2020]</h2></div></div><div class="content-body col-12 content px-0 text-body"><p>BGIN online meeting will be held on <em>13:00-15:00 UTC, June 18, 2020</em>.</p><p>This is BGIN’s first public meeting where we will discuss key issues including
<strong>the draft ToR of Governance Working Group</strong> and <strong>Identity & Privacy Enhancement Study Group</strong>, and <strong>strategies to develop the community base of BGIN</strong>.
If you want to join the discussion, please fill in the <a href=https://forms.gle/oKaPySRARy3VFgmT8><strong>registration form</strong></a> and submit by June 15.
Discussion materials and Zoom link will be sent to the registered address. Contact us at <a href=mailto:bgin-contact@bgin.team>bgin-contact@bgin.team</a> if you have any questions.</p><p>And we make a call for agenda item and contributions. Please make a comment on the <a href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/1vMg9Eah9kjn3EWbqxj3SFQFliSdnT0oK_9rB7pCtXk0/edit?usp=sharing">draft agenda</a> of the meeting if you have any proposals for the items to be discussed at the meeting.</p><hr><p><strong>Date & Time</strong>:</p><p>13:00 - 15:00 UTC, June 18, 2020</p><p><strong>Draft Annotated Agenda</strong>:</p><p><strong>1. General logistical matters (Ryosuke Ushida)</strong> 5 min</p><p>Assistant to Acting Co-Chairs will introduce Agenda, Logistical Matters (including those related to the Minute/action points and the list of participants), Code of Conduct, and Note Well for the meeting.</p><p>(Documents)</p><ul><li><a href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1cE_EJaYqSaxBd8VvHqxCf9TPx7hhHGZ5/view?usp=sharing">Draft Code of Conduct</a></li><li><a href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1g3go9z6-88_cFdj1KXF7afYV92cKam8b/view?usp=sharing">Draft Note Well</a></li></ul><p>[Issues for Discussions]</p><ul><li>Do you have any comments on the draft CoC and Note Well?</li></ul><p><strong>2. Welcome remarks (Mai Santamaria)</strong> 5 min.</p><ul><li>Goals of this meeting</li></ul><p><strong>3. Overview of BGIN and update from the March meeting (Shin’ichiro Matsuo)</strong> 20 min</p><p>Acting Co-Chairs will introduce the Genesis of BGIN including purposes and core values as well as a current overview of the work program such as Working Group(WG) and Study Group(SG). They also will share feedback from some of the initial contributors regarding potential areas for further consideration. The expected items covered in this session are listed below.
Attendees are expected to share their views on the concept and current work program of BGIN as well as what they are expecting for BGIN to focus on.</p><ul><li>Genesis of BGIN<ul><li>Background, Purpose and Core Values</li><li>Discussions at the inaugural meeting</li><li>About “governance” issue</li><li>Structure of the current BGIN: Working Group and Study Group</li></ul></li><li>Internal and External Communication Infrastructures<ul><li>Mailing Lists</li><li>Web site</li><li>GitHub repository</li></ul></li><li>Short-mid term roadmap</li><li>Feedback from some of the Initial Contributors</li></ul><p>(Documents)</p><ul><li><a href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/19M1a63e9nrK050-sgb5TrmFfSgTkRQso/view?usp=sharing">Overview of BGIN</a></li><li><a href=https://github.com/bgin-global/genesis-documents/blob/master/Genesis.md>Draft Genesis of BGIN</a> (<a href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1_nJpeQcQAPPFvE2qFH4Jsl7iFTS9zrWS/view?usp=sharing">pdf</a>)</li><li><a href=https://github.com/bgin-global/genesis-documents/blob/master/TermsOfReference.md>Draft TOR of BGIN</a> (<a href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1Q3w0q7--OzoTmmOFwIZ7PsmJkXXWhxnL/view?usp=sharing">pdf</a>)</li><li><a href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1cX4tAlffaP4Z7LvPNLSGqmcOuaSmLaYj/view?usp=sharing">Takeaways from the discussions among initial contributors so far</a></li></ul><p>[Issues for Discussions]</p><ul><li>What has brought you to BGIN? What do you expect from activities here?</li><li>Do you have any views on the core value and purposes of BGIN in the draft Genesis and TOR in light of your expectations?</li><li>Do you have any views on the leadership (e.g. responsibility of acting co-chairs) and management of the activities of BGIN (e.g. who should manage the day-to-day operation of BGIN until GWG develops the Charter)?</li></ul><p><strong>4. Governance WG (Aaron Wright and Shigeya Suzuki)</strong> 25 min</p><p>As agreed at the inaugural meeting in March, acting Co-Chairs of the Governance WG will introduce the draft TOR of the Governance WG including purposes and tentative work plan for the group. They also will suggest the way the group operates including communication tools (mailing list/Slack, etc.), editing mechanism (Github/Google docs, etc.), and potential additional roles (editors/secretariats, etc.) as well as a document format.
Attendees are encouraged to share their views and ideas on the proposal and agree on the kick-off of the group. The discussion is intended to inform the work of the WG.</p><p>(Documents)</p><ul><li><a href=https://github.com/bgin-global/gwg/blob/master/GWG_TermsOfReference.md>Draft ToR</a> (<a href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1zh8rnyLX3_sTl-H4hXbHN7IQmOizHzCf/view?usp=sharing">pdf</a>)</li></ul><p>[Issues for Discussions]</p><ul><li>Do you agree on the purposes of the WG written in the draft? What should be the function of the WG, and the role of co-chairs and others(eg. editors)?</li><li>Do you have any preference for the communication tools, document formats, and other logistical matters?</li><li>What are the potential work items of the WG? What are the essential items that should be in by-law of BGIN?</li><li>What are your initial views on the roles of (acting) co-chairs, assistant(s) and others?</li><li>The WG will need contributors. How should we attract participants?</li><li>Do you have any ideas to allocate work and resources? How to draw volunteers and allocate tasks?</li></ul><p><strong>5. ID/Privacy and Key Management SG (Nat Sakimura and Katharina Pistor)</strong> 25 min</p><p>Acting Co-Chairs of the ID/Privacy and Key Management SG will introduce the draft ToR/Charter of the SG including its purposes, scope, proposed deliverables and related works. They also will suggest the way the group operates including communication tools (mailing list/Slack, etc.), editing mechanism (Github/Google docs, etc.), and potential additional roles (editors/secretariats, etc.) as well as a document format.
Attendees are expected to express their thoughts on the proposal and to reach a consensus on the kick-off of the working group. The discussion is intended to inform the work of the WG. The draft is uploaded to the SG Github repository.</p><p>(Documents)</p><ul><li><a href=https://github.com/bgin-global/sgip/blob/master/draft_ToR.md>Draft ToR</a> (<a href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1shYDaqbThYM1GUWT0GBAEDh6T3Evwj5x/view?usp=sharing">pdf</a>)</li><li><a href=https://github.com/bgin-global/sgip/blob/master/draft_charter.md>Draft Charter</a> (<a href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1Dmv0h9ZeNVmt1mKJ-mvAENBu3D11s_kG/view?usp=sharing">pdf</a>)</li></ul><p>[Issues for Discussions]</p><ul><li>Do you agree with the purposes and scopes of the SG?</li><li>Do you have any preference for the communication tools, document format, and other logistical matters?</li><li>What are the pain points of each stakeholder in identity and access management?</li><li>Is there any potential work items and deliverables at the SG that are not covered in the Charter?</li></ul><p><strong>6. Community Development (Shin’ichiro Matsuo)</strong> 20 min</p><p>Acting Co-Chairs will introduce the discussion note and feedback from some of the initial contributors on community development strategy.
Per the action points of the inaugural meeting in March, Assistant for Acting Co-Chairs, on behalf of Robert Wardrop, will share the updates on the outreach to public authorities in emerging markets and economies (EMEs).
Attendees are encouraged to share their views and ideas on development strategies as well as proactively take roles to reach out to stakeholders.</p><p>[Issues for Discussions]</p><ul><li>Do you have any ideas on collaboration with outside activities/organizations?</li><li>How should we reach out to stakeholder groups to increase the number of contributors from them (engineers, businesses, regulators, etc.)?</li><li>How can we improve public relations?</li></ul><p>(Documents)</p><ul><li><a href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/10PRGOspW4MuJVAiTHkhjTxj6qJNn9P0B/view?usp=sharing">Discussion note on community development</a></li><li><a href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1cX4tAlffaP4Z7LvPNLSGqmcOuaSmLaYj/view?usp=sharing">Takeaways from the discussions among initial contributors so far</a></li></ul><p><strong>7. Future Plan (Shin’ichiro Matsuo)</strong> 5 min</p><p>Acting co-chairs will suggest their idea on the tentative roadmap toward the 1st BGIN meeting (Block #1, this Fall). Attendees are expected to make comments on the proposal and agree on the short and mid-term plans.<br>In addition, acting co-chairs will call for contributors for BGIN’s administrative tasks (ex. logo, website sophistication)</p><p>[Issues for Discussions]</p><ul><li>Do attendees agree to hold Block #1 as an online meeting given the COVID-19 outbreak?</li><li>Do attendees agree to establish the program committee for Block #1 (PC#1)? Anyone is interested in assuming a role as the chair of PC#1?</li><li>Should we seek for partnership/collocation with other events? Do attendees have suggestions on the specific events to reach out to?</li><li>How many meetings are adequate? How about 3-4 times every year?</li><li>Is the frequency of WG meetings same as general meetings?</li></ul><p><strong>8. Any other business (Mai Santamaria)</strong> 5 min</p><p>Attendees may raise any issues related to BGIN</p><p><strong>9. Closing remarks (Shin’ichiro Matsuo)</strong> 5 min</p><ul><li>Confirmation on action points and next steps</li><li>Announcements (if any)</li></ul><p><em>Note:
Time allocation may change due to additional agenda items.
Each slot includes Q&A time.</em></p></div></article></div></div></div></section><section id=footer class=fragment><div class="container-fluid bg-light"><div class="container py-5"><div class=row><div class="col-md m-2 text-body"><div class="row justify-content-left ml-0"><span class="fa-stack fa-2x mt-3 mr-1" title=Github><a href=https://github.com/bgin-global class=ignore-color-change><i class="fas fa-circle fa-stack-2x"></i><i class="fab fa-github fa-stack-1x fa-fw text-light"></i><span class=sr-only>Github</span></a></span>
<span class="fa-stack fa-2x mt-3 mr-1" title=Twitter><a href=https://twitter.com/bgin_global class=ignore-color-change><i class="fas fa-circle fa-stack-2x"></i><i class="fab fa-twitter fa-stack-1x fa-fw text-light"></i><span class=sr-only>Twitter</span></a></span></div></div><div class="col-md m-2 text-body"><h4>Communication Channels</h4><ul class="nav flex-column"><li class=nav-item><a class="nav-link p-0 display-5" href=/join>Mailing lists and Zulip</a></li><li class=nav-item><a class="nav-link p-0 display-5" href=https://github.com/bgin-global>GitHub</a></li><li class=nav-item><a class="nav-link p-0 display-5" href=https://twitter.com/bgin_global>Twitter</a></li><li class=nav-item><a class="nav-link p-0 display-5" href=https://www.linkedin.com/company/blockchain-governance-initiative-network>LinkedIn</a></li><li class=nav-item><a class="nav-link p-0 display-5" href=https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCW_2j8IK0G92Mjx6OEVbS2w>Youtube</a></li></ul></div><div class="col-md m-2 text-body"><div><h4 id=contact-info>Contact Info</h4><p>E-mail: <a href=mailto:bgin-contact@bgin.team>bgin-contact@bgin.team</a></p></div></div></div></div></div></section><footer class="overlay fragment container-fluid bg-light" id=copyright><div class=container><div class="row py-3"><div class=col-md><div class="row mx-0 my-2 justify-content-center text-center text-lg-none text-black-50"><div class="row mx-0 mr-lg-auto justify-content-center"><div class="col-auto px-1 copyright-legal">© Copyright&nbsp;2021</div><div class="col-auto px-0 copyright-by">by BGIN</div></div></div></div><div class="col-auto mx-auto"><div class="row mx-0 navbar-text text-center text-black-50">Website based on<a href=https://syna.okkur.org class=ml-1>Syna</a></div></div></div></div></footer><div id=react></div><script async defer src=/scripts/syna-main.min.065c23d84ca56793a8ee2be9d091a50028dc3505b5e4962af6444d641ed77ff5.js></script><script async defer src=/scripts/syna-content.min.3f176160ef27cbeeb1c26d718677d4e66e40b70421d8745f6d667dcad23a6850.js></script></body></html>